OBI-WAN: This is where he
told us to come to.
LEIA: Maybe they're just late?
Maybe it was a lie. I knew it!
I never should've trusted him.
-LEIA: We don't know if maybe--
-No one is coming here, Leia.
Prove yourself, and the position
of Grand Inquisitor is yours.
We should send out
all remaining probes now.
A couple of strays I found.
Thought you might wanna check 'em out.
STORMTROOPER: Raise your head.
STORMTROOPER 2:
Get down! Get down on the ground!
Come on.
I'll take you the rest of the way.
TALA: We have safehouses like this
throughout the galaxy.
Some call it the Path.
These days, the Empire
hunts anyone who's Force-sensitive.
Ben?
(CHOKING)
OBI-WAN: What have you become?
(GRUNTING)
DARTH VADER: I am what you made me.
(SCREAMING)
STORMTROOPER: Advance!
Ready the transport.
We have to get him to Jabiim.
Are you the one
I'm supposed to meet?
I'll take you from here.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GRUNTING SOFTLY)
TALA: Ben.
Ben, stay with me. You're gonna be okay.
Hold on.
(GRUNTS)
Get the bacta tank ready.
MAN: Bacta tank is right this way.
(GROANING)
(DARTH VADER BREATHING)
DARTH VADER: The years have made you weak.
(GRUNTING)
You should've killed me
when you had the chance.
TALA: Don't. Don't.
-(GASPS)
-You're still not healed!
Your burns, your body,
they just need time.
Where...
We're on Jabiim. You're safe now.
(PANTING)
Where's Leia?
You can't keep me here.
My father is Bail Organa, he's a senator.
I am a princess of Alderaan.
That's cute.
You have no rights here, Princess.
The Empire doesn't take kindly
to Jedi sympathizers.
-He will come for me.
-Oh.
Obi-Wan is dead.
(WHISPERS) Nobody's coming for you.
Roken.
He shouldn't be here.
-I know you're upset, but...
-I mean it.
Get him on the first transport outta here.
Too many people are looking for you.
-You'll put us all in danger.
-I need your help.
So does every kid making a rock float
from here to Coruscant.
Someone very important to me
has been taken.
I need your help to get her back.
General, I'm sorry,
but that's not my problem.
Well, I wish that were true.
TALA: She knows everything.
Where we are, what we're doing.
Roken, if she finds us,
we need to prepare an evacuation.
I can't shut it down.
Everything runs outta here.
OBI-WAN: Then help us to get her back.
I can't lose her.
You've no idea
what the Empire is capable of.
(ROKEN SIGHS)
I had a wife once.
I knew exactly what she was
before we got married.
We tried to hide it.
And the Inquisitors found her anyway.
So I know exactly what the Empire can do.
Look, if you want my help, you got it.
(BEEPING)
Nur. It's a water moon.
We got this off the grid
while it was being built.
It's all we have.
It's in the Mustafar system.
That's Vader's system.
-Is Vader there?
-We don't think so.
Our intel shows he's still on his ship,
but he's close.
So that's it? Fortress Inquisitorius.
It's impenetrable, Wade.
How far down do you think it goes?
Have no idea.
It's their base of operations,
so probably got a command center,
a training facility.
Truth is, nobody knows
what it looks like in there.
I don't see any shields.
That's because no one would be
stupid enough to attack them.
We could take those speeders,
go in at night.
You have some T-47s in the hangar.
It's suicide.
We need to find a way inside.
Yeah, well, we're not soldiers.
Those speeders are for hauling sewage.
She's ten years old.
I won't leave her there.
I'll go on my own.
SULLY: You can barely stand.
You're not getting in there.
I'll go with him.
Well, I have officer clearance.
I can get you inside,
and I can get you access.
Is your cover still intact?
We'll find out soon enough.
We're wasting time.
Get my ship fueled and ready.
I'll be all right.
Your body is not the only thing
that needs to heal, Ben.
The past is a hard thing to forget.
And you just need time, that's all.
Some things can't be forgotten.
You care about Leia?
Then you're gonna have to try.
We're almost there.
REVA: We intercepted a transmission
on Balnab last year.
Bunch of talk of a secret network. A Path.
We thought it was a lie.
But a safehouse,
like the one you were in,
has been found in two systems.
(SLAMS)
I need to find out where they are, Leia.
And I think you know.
How did he die?
He burned to death on Mapuzo.
The people I'm looking for
left him there to die.
If you tell me where the Path is,
you can go home to your family.
This can all be over.
I don't know anything about a Path.
Well, let's think a little bit harder,
shall we?
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
Prisoner transport 538.
GUARD: Identification.
No admittance without clearance.
I have officer class C.
Now, please.
Here.
(BEEPING)
Is there a problem?
This isn't your sector.
I can't let you through.
And you are?
I am the lead security on this level.
Then I'm your commanding officer,
and you will address me as "Sir."
Yes, sir, of course. But...
Perhaps I should just inform
the Grand Inquisitor of your insolence.
I'm here with classified intelligence.
Do you know what "classified" means?
Yes, sir.
Then why am I wasting my breath on you?
GUARD: Yes, sir. Of course.
(SIGHS IN RELIEF)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
All right, I'm inside the system.
Here we go.
Ben, I'm overriding an entry port.
It should be right ahead of you.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRUNTING)
(WATER SPLASHES)
I'm in.
Is this a staring contest?
(GRUNTS)
You're strong.
The braver you seem,
the more afraid you are.
I learned that
at a very young age as well.
(LOLA BEEPING)
I had a droid when I was younger, too.
It was taken from me.
Like everything else.
God, look at this place.
What are they keeping down there?
Where is she?
TALA: Detention area's in a secure sector.
Just keep heading north.
(WHISPERS) Seeker droid.
TALA: Yeah, I see it.
Looks like they're everywhere.
You'll need to...
This isn't your station.
Let me see some identification.
Come with me.
(WHISPERS) Tala?
Tala, can you hear me?
(TERMINAL OFFICER GRUNTS)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(WHISPERS) Tala?
(TERMINAL OFFICER GRUNTING)
STORMTROOPER 1:
This place gives me the creeps.
STORMTROOPER 2: Hopefully we won't
be stationed here for long.
(WHISPERS) Ben?
Did you hear that?
Over there. Let's go.
What happened?
I had some company.
But it's been taken care of.
I know what it's like being alone.
Kenobi is gone.
The people you're trying to protect,
they are not coming for you.
The only person
that can save you now, Leia,
is you.
Tell me where they are.
We're all on the same side here.
These people, they'll leave you too.
To die.
Okay.
I'll tell you where they are.
I just don't want anyone to get hurt...
I give you my word.
I'll have to tell my father first.
But that's okay, right?
You said we're all on the same side.
Nice try, Princess.
I hope you like pain.
-I'll never tell you where they are!
-Then it's time to make those tears real.
-Let go! Let go of me!
-(STORMTROOPER GRUNTS)
TALA: Ben, where are you?
OBI-WAN: I think I just found
the secure sector.
Let go! Let go!
Help! Somebody help! Help me, please!
What are you doing to me?
(GRUNTS)
Let go! Let me out!
Help! Somebody help, please!
TALA: Ben, what is it?
I think I've just found out
what they're hiding down here.
This place isn't a fortress.
It's a tomb.
You are gonna tell me what I wanna know!
(GRUNTS)
What are you doing to me?
The same thing I do to anyone
who doesn't embrace the Empire.
(DEVICE BEEPS)
This is your last chance, Leia.
-Say something!
-I'll never tell you!
Then your choice is made.
(MACHINE POWERING UP)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
LEIA: Help! Somebody help, please!
Tala, I need a distraction.
Why? What's happened?
Just do it, now.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Help! Somebody help, please!
I'm sorry, Leia, I really am.
You did this to yourself!
LEIA: What are you doing to me?
Please! Help! Help! Somebody help!
I was told it cannot wait.
-(BREATH TREMBLING)
-(MACHINE POWERS DOWN)
I'm sorry to intrude.
I... I understand
that you're leading the hunt
-for the network they call the Path.
-Just speak.
I was stationed on Mapuzo
when the hunt began.
-Ranking officer...
-Qualifications for discharge.
They're on Florrum.
The network runs out of the Sertar sector.
They use a salvage business
to launder goods, render new identities,
and fly the Jedi out.
I found evidence before the escape.
Impressive.
We need to direct all resources
there immediately,
and take the network out at its root.
Unless, of course,
you're lying.
(GRUNTING)
STORMTROOPER: There's no way out.
Stand where you are.
(GRUNTS)
(DEVICE BEEPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
You're alive.
They told me you were dead.
-I didn't tell them anything.
-I know.
Come with me. I'm gonna get you home.
It makes sense the Path
would have people among us.
Eyes.
What does not make sense
is how an old man and a little girl
escaped an Imperial checkpoint
on your planet.
Unless they had help.
I will not have my integrity questioned.
Then admit you're a spy!
Of course I am.
I spent two years undercover
trying to find out where they were hidden.
When Kenobi came, they panicked,
and I got inside.
-You expect me to believe this?
-Look, I couldn't tell anybody.
If they found out, I would've been killed.
Look, I promise you,
he's on Florrum.
(SEEKER DROID BEEPING)
I do like a good liar.
I don't know if you're lying to me
or for me, but we'll see.
Take her to interrogation.
If the debriefing confirms it, then...
(ALARM BLARING)
It's him.
Tala! Tala, we're in the open!
(GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
(PANTING) Where are you?
(GRUNTING)
Leia!
(FIRING)
Hide!
(GRUNTING)
Blast him. Keep blasting.
(FIRING)
-(GRUNTS)
-(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
(STORMTROOPERS CLAMORING)
Ben, the window!
(GLASS CRACKLING)
Ben!
OBI-WAN: Tala!
(GRUNTING)
Tala! Get her out of here. I'll hold it.
Come on.
(GRUNTS)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
(STRAINING)
(GRUNTING)
(CRACKING)
Run!
TALA: This won't hold for long.
Put this on. This way.
(ALARM BLARING)
I want the base shut down now!
Third Sister will suffer for this.
This is her doing.
Almost there.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
REVA: A traitor!
A child and an old man.
Was it worth it?
Betraying everything you are.
This was never who I was.
Then you die...
For nothing.
(STORMTROOPERS SCREAMING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(REVA GRUNTING)
SULLY: Come on. Get in.
Get in. Get in.
(GRUNTS)
Wade!
WADE: I got you, Sully, just go!
SULLY: Wade, leave her, come on.
WADE: All right, I'm on my way.
FIFTH BROTHER: Destroy them!
(GRUNTS)
All right, I'm right behind you.
Wade!
(FIFTH BROTHER GRUNTS)
(DARTH VADER BREATHING)
You were warned what defeat would bring.
(GROANS)
I will tolerate your weakness no longer.
(CHOKING) I let them go.
(GASPING)
I put a tracker on their ship.
Soon, the location of the network
and Kenobi will be ours.
It seems I have underestimated you.
But, my lord,
the base was almost destroyed...
Kenobi is all that matters.
There can be no mistakes.
You're certain the tracker is with him?
Yes, my lord.
Where he goes, it will follow.
Where's Wade?
Guess you're soldiers now after all.
(LOLA BEEPS)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)